This repository accompanies the paper **Active Sparse Bayesian Committee Machine Potential for Isothermal-Isobaric
Molecular Dynamics Simulations** by Soohaeng Yoo Willow, Dong Geon Kim, R. Sundheep, Amir Hajibabaei, and Chang Woo Myung.

The data for plotting all of the graphs in the main text and supplementary materials can be found in the folder `Data`. The figures in the paper are in the folder 'Figures'. Notebooks in the folder 'Scripts' can reproduce Figures.

## Paper abstarct

Recent advancements in machine learning potentials (MLPs) have revolutionized various fields such as chemistry, physics, biology and materials science by enabling large-scale simulations at the first-principles level. Kernel-based MLPs stand out among various machine learning approaches for their proficiency with small datasets, accurate quantification of uncertainty, and ability to reduce overfitting. However, they face challenges due to their high computational demands. Efforts to address this, sparsification of kernel has been explored to mitigate the steep computational scaling. In the context of isothermal and isobaric molecular dynamics simulations, achieving precise pressure estimation is crucial for an accurate understanding of the system behavior under constant pressure. Despite these advancements, accurate prediction of pressure remains a challenge in sparse kernel-based MLPs. In this work, we introduce a virial kernel designed to estimate the virial term that is a critical component of the calculation of pressure. Our study shows that the inclusion of virial kernel function significantly improves the accuracy of pressure prediction. In addition to the virial kernel, we also present the active Bayesian Committee Machine potential which aggregates the local sparse kernel potentials into one unified model to prevent the steep growth of kernel dimension without the need of additional training. These improvements allow us to perform successful isobaric simulations of various systems, including ice-liquid coexisting phase, Li solid electrolyte, and liquid boron nitride.
